Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
>>Dead of winter.
cold as all hell.
A man hails a cab. he slides in.
sits in the warmth
in the back seat.
A few miles down the road.
cab hits a sheet of black ice.
starts spinning outta control.
heading towards the
edge of the bridge.
nothing but blackness below.
Driver screams.
"We're all gonna die!"
The man calmly leans
forward and softly says.
"Could you turn the radio up?"
>>I don't get it.
which one are you?
The driver or the
guy in the back?
>>Both.
>>Hey. hey!
Uh!
>>We may all be sliding
towards the edge.
but it's up to you how
comfortable you are doing it.
Pay your debts. friend.
>>Oh. hell.
>>Hey.
>>How's it going?
>>Good. yeah. getting there.
>>Need you back on 32 tomorrow.
once you get this buttoned up.
>>Okay. yeah.
>>Think you can handle
two of Jim's shifts next week?
>>Well. hell yeah.
>>Good. 'cause he'll need
to take the week off.
the kid died.
>>What?
Shit. Caleb?
>>Well. he's gonna take
the week. funeral and all.
>>Yeah. yeah.
Damn. what the hell happened?
>>Overdose. fucking
pills or whatever else.
It's a shame too.
he was a good kid.
he used to be. I don't know.
>>Yeah.
>>I gotta.
>>Thanks. Mike.
>>Yep.
>>I still don't get why
it's gotta be so loud.
>>Well. 'cause loud is fast.
>>So how come you
race and Mama doesn't?
>>Well. baby girl.
'cause your Mama's smart.
>>And you're what?
>>Well. I'm tough and strong.
>>And Mama's not strong?
>>Oh. geez. girl.
Look. sometimes it's not about.
you know. how much
you can lift. right.
but about how much
weight you can carry.
that makes you strong.
you know what that means?
>>Maybe.
>>You know those. ah.
those big. old trees
we learned about out
there in California.
ones so big you can drive
a car right through them?
>>Yeah.
>>You know how those trees
survived for thousands of years.
right. just standing there
and then one day. a
skinny. little man.
your height. maybe even smaller
than you comes along. right.
with a little ax. a few hours.
he cuts that big. old tree down.
>>She's a skinny man?
>>No. baby girl. the ax.
right. she might be small.
but damn. she can cut
that big old tree down.
She doesn't need to race
to prove she's tough.
She doesn't even need to
cut down a big. old tree.
you know. like the ax. right?
You can just take
one look at her.
realize what she's capable
of. that's your Mama.
>>Daddy says you're an ax.
>>Hey.
>>What. like an old battle ax?
>>No. not an ax. I meant like a.
a shiny. you know.
slender blade.
>>Boy. I can cut
you down to size.
>>Yeah. ain't that the truth?
Get me in trouble.
>>Trey's stopping by.
>>Oh great. well. he
can slide under there
and help me swap
that. that rear end.
>>Oh well. good luck.
that boy doesn't know a monkey
wrench from his asshole.
>>Mama!
>>Hey. come on.
help me with dinner.
>>But I'm helping Dad.
>>Come on. he can
clean up his own mess.
Let's go.
>>Thanks for nothing.
>>Damn. never miss
home cooked meals.
until I get them.
>>Doesn't beer count as home
cooked if you live at a bar?
>>[laughing] I live above
a bar. cut me some slack.
No. seriously though.
that was delicious.
Not as good as your
mom's. but pretty decent.
Oh. shit. damn.
You knew.
>>Well. I didn't know
if you'd come otherwise.
>>Well. I wouldn't have.
>>Oh yeah. I know.
>>Oh. hey there. Uncle Bodie.
>>Hey. Shelby. how's
my favorite driver?
>>Good. good.
>>What do you know. Trey?
>>Just here for the
food. same as you.
>>Oh. I'm guilty.
You take care of that ticket?
>>It's in the mail. Sheriff.
>>Aren't they all?
>>How you holding up. Sheriff?
>>I'm still standing.
>>Oh-oh!
>>Oh. oh. no. no. no. my
heart. my heart is racing.
Are you the most beautiful
princess in the world?
>>Mr. Bodie. Mama
got you a plate.
>>Plate? I ain't
here for no plate.
I'm here on official
police business.
>>Yeah. I bet. like every week.
>>What? I am.
>>Come on.
>>Ah. you're too good
to me. thank you.
>>We missed you
at service Sunday.
>>Yeah. you know. I don't
know about that new preacher.
Call me old fashioned.
but I'm kind of more of a.
I don't know. fire and
brimstone type of guy. you know?
>>Yeah. I hear that.
>>Well. I hate to
grab a plate and run.
but I think y'all don't
really watch me eat.
>>Goodnight. Sheriff.
>>Take care now.
>>You too.
>>All right. little
lady. bedtime.
>>Oh!
>>No. no.
>>Night. Daddy.
>>Sweet dreams.
beauty. I love you.
All right.
>>Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
Whoa. come on!
>>Night. booger.
>>Goodnight. little booger.
>>[laughing] Come on.
>>Hey. Earnhardt.
>>Thank you.
>>How long you
gonna do this for?
>>I don't know. as
long as it takes.
Fine anyway. these
are doing the trick.
>>It killed Muhammad Ali.
this shit ain't no joke.
>>And you think I
don't know that. Trey?
What the hell you
want me to do. man?
Let me just get our
heads above water.
then we can deal
with me. all right?
>>You can't get shit by her.
you know that. you never could.
>>Think I like keeping
secrets from her. Trey?
Just give me some
fucking room. huh?
>>Your funeral.
>>Come grab this side.
>>Now? We just. we just ate.
>>Now. fucker. let's go!
>>All right. all
right. all right.
Oh. man.
♪ Blood on the highway
♪ Gonna get my gun
♪ War. it ain't over
♪ Till all the killing's done
>>Trey.
What you doing here?
>>Let's go for a ride.
>>I don't know. man.
Caroline's gonna be
home in a few minutes.
>>Come on. I wanna
show you something.
Now. I know you don't like
to be seen in an import.
but get in.
>>What's going on. Trey?
>>Ain't nothing going on. just
take a fucking ride with me.
30 minutes. I'll have you home.
>>Yeah. all right. all right.
If I wake up in Mexico
with no pants on.
Caroline's gonna
cut your nuts off.
>>[laughing] Your pants
will stay on. I promise.
>>They'd better.
>>Unless you're feeling frisky.
>>Hey. buy me an Oreo
shake and we'll talk.
>>Done.
>>Fucking seat belts
and everything. man.
I can't believe
I'm in this thing.
>>Fuck off.
>>Been here. what. 20 years.
still driving this
piece of shit?
>>Tokyo Green. Hulk
here is unbeatable.
>>Oh my God. Trey.
fucking embarrassing. man.
I can't be seen in this
piece of shit. Christ.
>>Whoo. listen to that purr.
That's what I'm talking
about right there. bro.
Whoo!
>>Don't kill us Trey. Jesus.
>>What. man. what is this?
>>That.
>>What you working
on your black belt?
>>Nope.
>>Okay. so what is it?
>>100 K.
cash at least.
>>What is?
>>What do you know about Oxy?
>>I don't know shit about
Oxy. Trey. nothing. man.
don't need to.
get me outta here.
>>There's a doc in there.
some bullshit hack.
People come in. "This
hurts and that hurts."
and Doc will write
out a script for them.
hundreds of them every day.
>>Okay. what the hell's
that got to do with me?
>>And now these yokels. they
go and fulfill those scripts
and guess what?
They come right back here.
Those pills go in and
out that back door
and sold all over the county.
>>[sighing] Man. I don't fucking
care. right. take me home.
>>And once they
sell those pills.
they bring that cash
right back here.
hundreds and
thousands of dollars
running through this piece
of shit right here every week
and nothing but a couple of
backwood inbreds running it.
>>Trey. are you
fucking kidding me?
>>Nope.
>>Are you suggesting
that we stroll in there
and we take that money?
>>[sighing] We can. we can.
>>Man. that's a stupid
fucking idea.
>>Never ever seen more
than one or two tweakers
in there guarding that place.
It ain't rocket science.
>>Well. that's for damn sure.
>>Shel. they're killing
people with this shit.
you've seen it.
>>I know.
>>We all have.
this town is dying
and these fuckers are
getting rich from it.
That's your cash in
there. that's our cash.
we put our blood. sweat
and tears into this town
and they're just
taking it all from us.
This whole place is
becoming a fucking cliche.
First the factories fold.
then no jobs. no hope
and then these
leeches. they come in.
they suck what's
left off the bottom.
I'm sick of it. Shel.
I'm sick of it.
And I don't wanna see Mila
left in the mud either.
Hey. this is easy money. Shel.
>>Don't talk to me about
this shit again. you hear?
Don't tell me someone else died.
I can't handle that
shit right now.
>>Hop in. catch some of this AC.
>>What's going on?
>>Jim needs those shifts back.
>>Damn. okay.
>>I'll pay for the funeral.
>>Yeah. I get it.
>>Oh. shit. that ain't all. man.
>>Shit. Mike.
>>Well. hey there. Shelby.
How we doing today. sugar?
>>I'm hanging in. Ms.
Whitney. what about yourself?
>>Well. I'm still
upright. praise Jesus.
>>Yes. ma'am. I hear that.
>>[sighing] Early
this month. huh?
>>Yeah.
>>Oh. damn it. I'm so sorry.
>>I appreciate
that. Ms. Whitney.
You know what?
>>Hm?
>>Might as well have that too.
>>All righty.
You want your balance receipt?
>>Oh. hell. couldn't
pay for the ink anyway.
>>Love to the girls.
>>Appreciate that. Ms. Whitney.
Take care.
>>Bye.
>>I don't know. man.
guns and drugs.
that shit ain't me.
>>No. it ain't.
That's why you leave
that shit to me.
You just drive the
car and watch my back.
you don't even need to
touch a gun. I promise.
Look. I know these dudes.
we're not talking
"Goodfellas" here.
we're talking a couple slack
jaws with pill problems.
>>Girls are going to
Tupelo this weekend.
>>Looky there.
>>Wish you were coming.
>>Shit. no. you don't.
You love that big. old
guest bed all to yourself.
Stay up late watching those
God awful dating shows.
>>You gonna be good here?
>>Of course.
>>Well. good. 'cause I do
love that bed.
Hey. you know what. why don't
you take a couple hundred
and get that old
bluff from Kenny?
You know. keep going
a few more weekends.
I mean. you said Mike
gave you those shifts.
>>Oh baby. I told you.
I can't fix it with what
we got. stays broke.
>>Damn. I love you.
>>What are y'all talking about?
>>Little girls not
finishing packing
and getting left behind.
>>You have three minutes
or this train's leaving
with or without you.
>>I just need someone to
sit on it while I zip.
>>Okay. I'll be up
in a few minutes.
>>Well. I'm leaving in three.
>>Oh. boy. she is
definitely your daughter.
>>Open it.
>>What the hell's this?
>>Damn.
you are too much.
>>Mom.
>>Daughter's calling you.
>>Hm. hm-hm. she's
definitely yours.
>>Yeah. this will do.
Where'd you find it?
>>Don't you worry about that.
>>Jesus Christ. Trey.
>>Color's ugly as shit.
but it's a turbo just
like you asked for.
>>Yeah. what about the plates?
>>I took care of it.
>>I do love a turbo V6.
>>Look at Shelby Conners all
excited about a stolen vehicle.
You little criminal.
>>Hey!
This isn't New York. all right.
this is my own backyard. man.
Act like you understand
we're breaking the law.
what's at stake here.
>>Hey. she's my niece. I fucking
understand what's at stake.
I'm not the one we
gotta worry about.
>>Let's just get this over with.
>>Mr. Bodie.
>>That ain't good.
>>I'll get with the
oncologist in Birmingham.
but in the meantime. you
go home. enjoy your day.
We'll take this
one step at a time.
>>Man.
♪ Oh oh
♪ Oh oh oh oh
>>When we get in there. you
just watch my back. that's it.
Okay. we'll be fine as
long as you watch my back.
Here.
>>What the fuck is this. Trey?
You said I wouldn't need this.
>>Just hold the fucking thing
and look like you might use it.
What the fuck. all right?
You won't even need
to lift it. trust me.
>>Fuck. fuck. fuck. man. fuck!
>>Hey. hey. hey. hey.
we got this. okay?
We got this.
>>Jesus Christ.
Trey. fuck's sake.
>>What. does it clash
with your outfit? Come on.
>>I don't know.
man. I don't know.
>>Hey. just do what family does.
We're family. bro. we
look out for each other.
>>Okay.
>>All right?
Fuck.
>>Right. come on.
>>Fuck.
>>Hey. take this.
Come on. let's go.
Come on. get out of the
fucking car. let's go.
>>Ssh!
>>Hey!
Shit. Trey. what the fuck?
>>Over there.
>>That might've
been an accident.
but the next one
won't be. you hear me?
This guy moves.
take his head off.
Come on.
>>Y'all know whose
money this is.
you have any fucking
idea whose money this is?
>>Shut the fuck up. shut up!
>>Are you okay?
>>Don't look at me.
don't fucking look at me.
>>Ah. shit. tough guy.
y'all don't wanna do this.
you don't wanna do it.
>>Hurry the fuck up. come on.
>>Hey. hey. are you
a Bronson fan. huh?
>>Come on. hurry up. let's go.
>>What's your favorite
"Death Wish" movie.
"One. two. three?"
My friend on the floor
was a Bronson fan.
why don't you ask him. huh?
>>Shut the fuck up. okay.
>>You wanna know
what my favorite is?
>>Turn around!
>>The one where I
hunt you all down.
snatch the life out of you.
cut the heads off all your kin
and shoot your fucking dog!
It ain't your all's world. huh.
but you're gonna
fucking die in it.
>>Shut the fuck up.
>>Come on!
>>Your voice sounds familiar.
Yeah. yeah. look at me. huh?
Yeah. I know you.
yeah. I seen you. boy.
You all are gonna fucking die.
>>Come on. let's go. let's go!
>>You should listen
to your partner here.
>>No!
>>Oh. shit!
>>Let's go. let's go!
>>Oh. shit. shit. shit.
Fuck!
You fucking shot that guy.
what the fuck is wrong with you?
Huh? Shit!
Who is it. Trey?
Shit. ah!
>>Just some heavies. man!
>>Sheriff Bodie. you read me?
>>Go ahead. Beth.
>>Reports of shots
fired. 1911 Bass Lane.
>>Oh. shit.
>>They're getting
fucking close. Trey!
>>Wait a minute. stop!
>>What the fuck you doing?
Trey. get back in
the fucking car!
They're shooting at us. shit!
Shit. shit. shit. fuck!
Fuck!
>>Hands up!
Up. come on!
Get your hands up!
Come on now. get them up.
>>Yes!
Look at this.
We did it!
Uh!
>>Fucker!
>>Stop. stop. no. no!
>>What the fuck was that?
>>We got the money.
>>The fucking money? We
killed two people. Trey!
You shot him!
What was that shit. huh?
>>Those weren't people.
those were drug dealers.
scum. pill pushers. fuck them.
>>Man. who the fuck are you?
>>We got the cash.
>>Fuck the cash!
What was that shit
with the pills?
Huh?
We didn't go there for that!
You fucking motherfucker.
I didn't fucking sign
up for this shit.
>>Yes. you did. yes. you did!
Yeah. we got the money.
God knows how much
and yeah. we got a
shit load of pills too.
I'm sorry. you thought you
were gonna be halfway in.
>>He said he knew you. Trey.
Did he. do you know those guys?
>>It doesn't matter now.
We just need to to lay
low for a little bit.
keep our heads down. all right.
>>Oh. you're taking it?
>>You want it? Here. take
it. go on. it's yours.
It's called trust. bro.
Just keep it safe. hide it
your toolbox or something.
keep it away from the girls.
>>We fucking killed them. Trey.
>>Yeah. we did. we killed them.
The way I see it.
it was us or them
and I'd fucking do
it again if I had to.
We're family. bro.
that shit back there.
that was nothing but
taking care of family.
Come on.
Come here. come here.
Let's go home.
>>We got a 9-0-4 on
Old Fence Road off 58.
We got two dead in the BOLO.
red Buick Regal and I
do not have the tags.
>>10-4. Bodie. Dispatch
will find the new location.
>>Let it burn.
>>Hey. baby. what you doing?
>>Going to bed?
>>Yeah. well. I miss
you. you look beautiful.
>>I know.
>>All righty. you. get
in there. I'll be inside.
>>Sweet dreams.
>>Come on.
>>Love you.
>>Night.
>>What are you up to?
>>Just out here in my office.
>>Are you sleeping?
>>Not without you.
>>Baby. you already have me.
no need to keep up
with that sweet talk.
>>No. I know you like it though.
>>I do.
>>How you doing?
>>Today was a good day.
It's good to be out here.
I wish you were here though.
>>Just you?
>>Just me. you doing
all right there?
>>Oh. hell yeah. been a
while since I had a dust up.
but I'm fine.
>>In there ain't. county's
sending the coroner down
for what's left.
>>Ben. what are those?
>>Oh. [chuckling].
I'd just gotten my boots
off when I got the call.
>>Man. we're like the
Goddamn Boy Scouts out here.
All right. let's.
let's go in. cameras?
>>Sure. but the
drives were taken.
Car wash has one though.
>>Well. let's get them.
>>I already got
them on my laptop.
>>I bet you do.
>>[laughing] Two men in and out.
off in a hurry.
>>Oh.
Well. let's see.
Hell.
>>What you thinking?
>>[sighing] I'm thinking
that he's a poor bastard.
that's what I'm thinking.
now were there any witnesses?
>>Sure. Ms. Whitney.
>>What?
>>Yep. she moonlit
over here and the doc.
but he ain't talking yet.
>>All right. well. well.
we just wait for Ms.
Whitney's story. I guess.
But I tell you what
it's gonna be about.
it's gonna be about pills
and money and cussing.
>>Two men. shotgun and a pistol.
>>Yeah. well. the
pistol did that
and the wood furniture
done that guy in.
>>And he ain't here.
>>No. he isn't.
Whiskey in them cups.
And that arm is
junkies robbing junkies
just like the two
guys from the highway.
Man. this is as
crooked as the Chattahoochee.
Well. all right.
call me if anything turns up.
Oh.
>>That's it?
>>That's it. we gotta wait
for. for Ms. Whitney's story
and state's gonna wanna
be in on this one.
>>Sure you don't wanna
look at that tape?
>>Come on. let's go look at it.
>>Wheel man can
drive. that's a fact.
>>Mm-hm.
All right. well.
I'm going to sleep.
Call me if you need
me. otherwise. don't.
>>You sure you're all right?
>>Ben. find your Goddamn boots.
>>God's servant for your good.
First is the servant
of God [indistinct].
♪ In the pines where
the sun never shines ♪
♪ You shiver when
the cold wind blows ♪
>>Anything else I can get you?
>>No. ma'am.
That hit the spot.
>>Okay.
>>Hm.
a moment?
One of these is your tip.
which one will be determined
by the answer to my
next question. okay?
What did you wanna
be when you grew up?
>>I don't know. I guess
I always told my mom
I wanted to work with horses.
>>Horses. huh and how long
you been working here?
>>Nine years. I guess.
>>You have kids?
>>I do. a daughter. she's eight.
>>And what's your
little girl wanna be.
when she's all grown up?
>>A dancer.
I mean. hell. that's what
my tips go toward anyway.
>>Well. that's sweet.
Yeah. thank you for the
pie. it was delicious.
♪ But now she's gone
like the turtledove ♪
♪ In the pines. in the
pines. in the pines ♪
>>So which one do I get?
>>It doesn't matter.
♪ That mine would. I guess
♪ I know she's cold as hell
♪ I loved her dear
in all this world ♪
♪ Oh. she never was
working so down ♪
>>You sure about it?
>>Yeah. I'm sure as shit.
>>Okay.
>>So we're good?
We're good. right?
>>It's not me.
I mean. I don't care
that you fucked up.
But someone does.
>>Come on. brother.
I'm dying anyway. come
on. just let me be.
It don't have to be like
this. no reason for it.
>>That gonna do it?
>>That's it.
>>Thanks. Sheriff.
>>All right.
>>Have a good one. man.
>>You too.
Ben.
>>Bodie.
>>What do you know?
>>You see the statement from
the doc and Ms. Whitney?
>>Is that it on your seat?
Then how did I see it?
>>Well. the doc wants immunity.
>>Is that right?
>>Yeah.
He says this thing they got
into goes all the way down
to a New Orleans
outfit. down that way.
Pills. clinics. girls. money.
he's saying it's a
damn empire. Bodie.
You know what they're
saying? This outfit is mob.
>>Will you stop it
acting like a preteen
at a Beatles concert.
for God's sake?
What does the state
say. they want in?
>>Nope.
>>They don't want in?
>>Why not?
>>State line thing.
they're saying DEA.
can you believe that. DEA here?
>>What Ms. Whitney say?
>>Not much. don't
ask. don't tell.
Paid her cash though.
>>Hm.
Lordy. it's just Sunday. damn.
>>That ain't all.
>>You found the shotgun vic?
>>Yeah. well. a
neighbor found him.
>>You got him?
>>He's dead.
>>Well. how. did he bleed out?
>>Oh yeah.
>>Pills?
>>Pills and blood. for sure.
but that ain't what did him in.
a lamp cord around
his neck killed him.
>>Hm.
Shit.
>>Shit? Someone's
cleaning up. Bodie. mob.
>>Well. at least you got
the right shoes on today.
>>Hey. Bodie. do
you think the DEA
will give me one
of those jackets?
>>Well. slap you to sleep
and slap you for sleeping.
Now get outta here.
>>Morning. Shelby.
Get up.
>>Hey. listen. I won't talk.
Uh!
>>Get down.
Give me your hands.
>>I don't fucking know you.
>>No. sir.
>>So what do you want?
>>Well. I heard y'all
thought it was a good idea
to steal from the Nola
folk. said y'all thought
we were all a bunch
of stupid cunts.
wouldn't do shit
about it. that true?
>>I don't know what
that means. none of it.
But if something
was stolen from you
and that something's
been returned.
I don't see why we can't
forget the whole thing.
just go on about our lives.
over here. wherever
you come from.
No. no. no. no. no. no!
Hey. hey. please. look.
hey. look. this can
be worked out. okay.
All right. whatever
happened. all right.
wrongs can be righted.
>>Well. that's why I'm here.
>>Okay. well.
let's do that then.
okay. let's just talk about it.
Hey. you got what you
came here for. huh?
>>Almost.
>>No. no!
No. fucking no. Trey. no!
Fucking stop. fuck!
>>2292 Kent Street.
Tupelo. Mississippi.
Yeah. he gave that up too.
>>They got nothing
to do with this.
>>They do now.
You try to leave
town. cops. whatever.
my man in Tupelo gets
rambunctious. you understand me?
I'll be in touch.
Is that a tulip
tree or a dogwood?
Huh?
>>Morning. Shel.
>>Hi. Uncle Bodie.
What you doing out
around these parts?
>>Hell you been. boy?
>>Oh. I got a couple of hog
traps out at the end of 5-79.
weir been rising
a little. I guess.
they've all been underwater now.
just had to move
them a little higher.
>>Well. better you than me.
I'd just as soon shoot them.
Anyway. I'm here
looking for Trey.
>>Hm. yeah?
>>Yeah. you seen
him. heard from him?
>>No. no. not in a
couple of days. I guess.
You know. Caroline's
back with her folks.
so he. ah. he
hasn't been around.
>>Okay.
>>Why. what's going on?
>>Oh. probably nothing. I
got a call early this morning
from the High Bar.
they were complaining
about noise and whatnot
and I gotta check it out.
'cause if a bar is complaining
about noise from an apartment
upstairs.
But as I said. it's probably
nothing. you know Trey.
>>Yeah. I do.
>>Yeah.
So what happened here?
>>Just locked myself out.
>>Hm.
and when you broke the
glass. it went this way?
>>Caroline took
Mila to her folks
up in Tupelo for a few days.
we. ah. we got into
it the other night.
threw a damn beer through
the window.
That's why she left. you know.
it's all just getting to us.
you know. just everything.
>>Yeah. I do know. I was
married for 38 years.
but I'd get this cleaned
up before Mila comes back.
those little feet. oh. you
know. that's my princess.
>>Yes. sir. will do.
>>All right. let me
know if Trey turns up
and good luck tonight.
>>Thank you.
>>Oh. does Trey still
drive that. that Jap thing?
>>Yes. sir. he does.
can't get him to go
American quite just yet.
>>All right. take care.
>>Yeah. you too.
>>All right.
>>Pack of Camels.
>>Ah. there you go.
That's eight even.
Thank you.
There you go.
>>Say. what do y'all
do in this town?
>>Pardon me?
>>Oh. no disrespect. old timer.
but what do people do here?
>>Like for fun?
>>People have fun here?
>>[laughing] Well. sure. I mean.
we got the track
on Monday nights
and hunting and football
in the fall. I guess.
>>So between shooting squirrels
and high school football.
people just kind of meander
around waiting to die?
>>I. I guess.
No. that. that ain't right.
>>You grow up around here?
>>About a mile that a way.
>>When you were growing up.
you always wanted to run
the local gas station?
>>Oh. you know.
my daddy ran the station
down there on old 24.
I guess I just followed suit.
>>Here you are. huh?
>>Yes. sir. here I am.
>>You got kids?
>>Got a son. he grown though.
>>I see. what's he do?
>>[laughing] You ask
a lot of questions.
>>I'm intrigued.
Y'all intrigue me.
>>All right.
Well. come back.
>>Pardon me.
>>Eat a dick. fancy fuck.
Need some oil.
>>All right.
♪ I put on all my armor
♪ Bid farewell to my loves
♪ Give penance at the altar
♪ And I ride off for the war
♪ The skies are low and cloudy
♪ The grass is mud and clay
♪ I'm a knight in
shining armor ♪
♪ With a rusted iron blade
♪ I've killed a dozen farmers
♪ I've murdered Joan of
>>Pretty far north for you.
>>Not in the car.
What are we dealing with?
>>Nothing that can't
be handled quick.
Unaffiliated locals. that's
all. I'm dealing with it.
I'll recover what was taken.
I just need a bit more time.
>>I would like the
responsible party
brought to me personally.
>>Noted.
>>Yeah.
And the doctor?
>>Yep. a woman too.
>>They talk?
>>Talking. not
sure how much yet.
but enough to pull the rip cord.
>>And when does that happen?
>>As we talk.
>>No.
No.
Because you're
here talking to me
and if I'm listening
to you talk.
then they're out there
talking to people they
shouldn't be talking to.
Pull the fucking cord.
You need help?
>>What. locals?
No. I don't need no hicks
in mismatched shoes.
I'm handling it.
>>Gonna handle it?
>>Yeah.
>>Mr. Clayton. you
light a cigarette in
my car one more time
and I'll smash your head in
with a piece of concrete.
This Steve McQueen.
Johnny Cash bullshit.
it's tired.
Straighten up.
>>Righty ho.
♪ You in the window
♪ I need you in the snow
♪ Your wait is never ending
♪ Much like my sorrow
♪ I've killed a dozen farmers
♪ I've murdered Joan of Arc
♪ I pillaged their cathedrals
♪ To soothe my aching heart
>>Uh. uh!
♪ I burned down
all their towers ♪
♪ I drank up all their wine
>>Uh!
♪ Took pleasure
in their torment ♪
♪ So I could feel alive
♪ Sun is low on my shoulder
♪ As we ride on to the west
♪ Only one man left to die
♪ Till I complete my quest
♪ With your name on my breath
♪ And my horse
can finally rest ♪
>>What you got there.
nine mill. .45?
>>No. .38.
>>Were you gonna kill me?
>>Yeah. I was thinking about it.
>>Well. pull it out.
Go on.
Because their blood will
paint the fucking walls
of that shit place
down on Kent Street.
Kill me or don't. whatever.
it won't be me either way.
I don't kill the innocent.
No. it'll be that gorilla
of a man down there
watching your little girl
play in the yard who does it.
who rips them apart and
dances on their bodies.
So you better keep
that little .38
tucked in there nice and snug.
because brother. I'm
the only friend you got.
>>So what now?
Where you going?
>>I'm going to work. let's go.
>>Why me?
>>Well. this is your milk
and you're mopping it up.
I hate these small towns.
Illinois. Mississippi.
Massachusetts. Arizona.
you know what they
all have in common?
Everything.
>>Man. who are you?
>>I'm just a man.
>>A man here to
break my world apart?
>>Your world?
This ain't your
world. your life.
you don't control this shit.
>>Sure. sure.
What you doing with that?
>>We're all just a
bunch of blobs of mass
running into each other.
till we break down or shut down.
that's it.
>>So if none of this matters.
no reason for it all.
why are we here?
>>For him.
Tick tock goes the doc.
Follow him.
All right. when he
hits the highway.
you're gonna pull
alongside him easy.
like you're gonna pass him.
>>No. I can't do that.
>>Driving is easy.
not getting the chance
to say goodbye is hard.
>>Wait. no. no!
>>Hey. Sheriff. you read me?
>>Go ahead.
>>Afraid they're gonna
need you down here
at Bakersfield Road.
two clicks north of 24.
>>What is it?
>>Single vehicle. right.
victim with gunshot wound.
>>Oh. all right. on my way.
>>Keep it under 50.
We should get another car.
>>No. I'm done. I
did what you said.
>>We ain't done yet. under 50.
>>Look. if you just
let them go. all right.
I'll do whatever
the fuck you want.
>>Oh. I know.
>>Whoa. whoa. Ms. Whitney.
>>Goddammit. Sheriff. the
hell's wrong with you?
>>I do apologize.
but it is urgent.
Now I have reason to believe
that your life is in danger.
so what I want you to do is
just pack a couple of things
and come with me.
>>The hell you do
and the hell I am.
>>Ms. Whitney.
>>I don't care
about what happened
down at that clinic.
I'm staying the hell out of it.
>>Okay. you win. now would
it be all right with you
and with your permission.
if I just had my deputy
stay outside parked there?
>>As long as he's
off my property.
I don't give a rat's
ass what he does.
>>I understand. I
do. thank you. thank-
Lord have mercy.
>>Well. isn't this a pickle?
>>A pickle?
>>What the hell
you want me to do?
>>I'm getting the feeling
you're angry at me.
angry as if you didn't
take it upon yourself
to rob some very wealthy and
powerful people at gunpoint
and didn't get away with it.
as if what's happening now
wasn't a direct result
of your own actions.
that's the feeling I'm getting.
>>I didn't ask for this shit.
>>Yeah. you did.
>>Sheriff's Department.
>>Yeah. hi. um.
you're gonna have to head
over to the station off 46.
because there's a body
in the trunk of a car
and make it quick.
>>Uh!
>>Come on.
>>No.
>>Yes.
>>Shit.
Oh. God. is she dead?
>>Not yet.
>>What the fuck.
man. what the fuck?
>>Go on.
>>No.
No. fuck you. get the
fuck away from me.
>>Shelby. I don't kill innocent
people. I told you that.
>>Well. I'm sure as
shit not gonna do it.
>>Well. I'm gonna show
you something right now.
I have to give you a
warning before I do.
it's gonna be very unpleasant.
Uh!
>>I'll kill you.
I swear to God I'll
kill you. I'll do it.
>>Okay.
Get it done.
We gotta go.
Hey.
We gotta get now.
Go. go.
Go.
>>Come on. come on!
Oh. shit!
Where the hell you been?
>>That ain't fair. Bodie.
We all got that call.
>>You made the wrong one.
She is dead.
>>I wanna kill you.
>>I know.
Your family's on the way.
>>What. here?
>>Not here. but
close. they're safe.
>>Oh. shit.
>>Stay cool. Shel.
>>Hey. Sheriff.
>>Shelby.
I don't believe I know you.
>>This here's my new sponsor
over from New Orleans.
>>Fred Ellsworth.
Ellsworth Construction.
>>Nola. huh?
>>Most of the time.
I'm opening up a small
shop down these parts
and recognize the power
of local marketing
through this here young talent.
>>Tax trip. huh?
>>Hm.
>>Hm
What you got there going on?
>>Oh.
yeah. I nicked it on. ah.
I nicked it on. on the door
getting out of this old car.
just clumsy is all.
>>All right. so what is this.
a early morning meeting?
>>[laughing] Hog hunting.
>>Really now?
>>That's right. "Showing this
city slicker how it's done."
he said. so.
>>In those?
>>Oh. God. I hope not.
I mean. these are. these are
way too expensive to get dirty.
>>No. I won't do that to you.
I got some mucks for him.
>>Oh. good.
You're welcome to join
if you'd like. Sheriff.
>>Oh. no. Shelby here uses a
bow. that's a young man's game.
too much running around for me.
I like. I like to keep
a distance. you know?
So they don't see me coming.
>>Well. now I know
what I'm in for.
>>Yeah. you do.
So Caroline. Mila. they're
still back in Tupelo way
or what's going on?
>>Yes. sir. yeah. through
the week. I reckon.
>>Ah-huh.
>>You know. Mila just. ah.
just loves that little
house there on Kent Street.
>>Shelby. talk to you.
>>Yeah. you guys get it.
You seen Trey?
>>Oh. no. not since last
week when he was here.
>>Mm-hm.
We found his car.
>>No shit?
>>No shit. Firestone
Factory all banged up.
>>Hell.
>>Mm-hm.
>>Not considered missing. is he?
>>You okay?
>>Yeah. just getting
ready to get out there.
>>You wanna tell me something?
Anything?
Go ahead. go ahead.
>>That robbery at the
clinic a few days ago.
>>Mm-hm.
>>I. ah. I think that was Trey.
>>You do now?
>>Yeah and then the
murder of the. ah.
the doctor I heard
about last night.
yeah. I think
maybe Trey's trying
to. I don't know. clean up.
>>Hm. well.
>>I'm real worried
about him. Uncle Bodie.
>>Yeah. it was more than 100 K.
that could change a man's
life. could ruin it.
You telling the truth?
All right.
now you. you tell me
if you run into Trey.
>>Will do.
>>Now what's your name again?
>>Fred.
>>Fred. it's a pleasure.
>>Nice meeting you. Sheriff.
>>Now you be careful
of them hogs there.
They're ugly bastards and
they'll get your goose
and they'll put a tusk
right straight through you.
like it was nothing.
leave you out there
on the field bleeding.
>>Jesus.
Thanks for the warning.
>>All right. well.
get after it. yep.
>>See you. Sheriff.
>>Get on the horn to Tupelo PD.
get me an APB on Caroline
and Mila Conners.
Get Caroline's maiden name
and Kent Street.
that's all I got.
Ben. do it now.
>>10-4. Bodie.
>>I'll see you at the office.
>>What did you have
to say over there?
>>Just looking for
the guy you killed
with the trash bag is all.
>>And where is he?
>>Gone.
>>It's almost that
time. take me to my car.
>>You gonna stab me
or slit my throat?
>>Maybe both.
>>Who's the battle ax?
>>The one who taught me it's
not how hard you swing it.
but how sharp it is.
>>So let me get this straight.
small town race car
driver with Parkinson's
struggles to make ends meet
for his wife and
his little daughter.
Goddamn!
>>We all play the hand
we're dealt. I guess.
>>And you're still going.
still fighting the
good fight left in you.
>>That's what we do.
>>Who's we?
>>Us. all of us. I
don't fucking know.
>>Not all of us.
>>What the fuck do you care?
Huh?
Fuck. man. after last night.
after this whole damn week.
you wanna just keep
shitting on me?
You killed my wife's brother.
you made me kill that woman.
I took money from the
wrong fucking people.
I get it. Jesus Christ.
Look. I'm doing
everything you say.
I'm just trying to get
my fucking life back.
whatever life I got left.
>>We're all going in
the same direction.
>>Even you?
>>Oh. I know I am.
That's the difference between me
and people in places like this.
oblivious.
>>Yeah. you keep talking about
how it's all meaningless.
You just do that to justify
the horrible shit you do.
There's a world where
all this has meaning.
it's this one.
>>You don't have to be alone.
Here at Healy
Family Funeral Home.
we will be by your side as
you navigate this special time
with quality. affordable
services and headstones.
we offer a variety of packages.
>>Christ. you can
count on that. huh?
When your business is
death in a town like this.
business is booming.
half off headstones.
When people are killing
themselves for pennies
and then taking
them for some rocks
to put over your rotting body.
>>Or call us. 4249.
>>When my folks died.
they didn't have two of those
pennies to rub together.
It took me years to
save up to replace
that shitty. wooden
gravestone the church donated.
>>And what was the point?
>>That we should
all be so lucky.
just to have a
proper place to rest.
when this is all said and done.
something that says.
"Hey. we were here."
>>Hm.
I was nine years old.
I came home from school
and I found my dad dead
on the kitchen floor.
Blew his head off
with a shotgun.
not before putting two
shells into my mom.
while she was in the bath.
Shit. coroner took them. I
watched. no clue where to.
Some distant relative
probably thought it was best
for everyone that they burned
them and tossed the ashes.
I don't know.
>>Where are they?
>>They're safe.
I told you. you got
my word on that.
>>So this is him. huh?
>>Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. what is this. huh?
>>He doesn't know?
>>Know what?
>>Well. go on.
>>No. no. I did everything
you asked. all of it.
>>You did.
>>You said you don't
kill the innocent.
you said that.
>>I saw you kill that woman.
Shel. I watched you do it.
>>Fuck!
>>We're all heading
the same way.
>>Yeah.
>>I believe that's it.
>>I believe so.
>>Back to New Orleans?
>>Maybe.
>>Okay then.
>>Yeah.
♪ There is a house
in New Orleans ♪
♪ They call the Rising Sun
♪ It's been the ruin
of many a poor boy ♪
♪ And I know. God. I'm one
♪ My mother was a tailor
♪ She sews those
new blue jeans ♪
♪ My father was a gambling man
>>Anything else?
>>Yeah.
Uh!
Damn!
>>Hell. Clayton.
We're family.
>>We ain't ever been family.
♪ Oh. mothers. tell
your children ♪
♪ Not to do the
things I've done ♪
♪ Spend your lives
in sin and misery ♪
♪ In the House of
the Rising Sun ♪
>>Hey. Caroline.
>>Hi. Mr. Bodie.
>>What you doing out here?
>>I don't really
know. to be honest.
I just felt like being
around something loud.
>>It is loud.
How's Mila?
>>She's with my folks.
You know. everything
she's been going through.
hell. I don't know. I just
feel like it's better for her
to get away from here for a bit.
>>Yeah. that's a good
thing. that's a good thing.
>>Mr. Bodie. where is he?
>>Caroline. I. I. I don't know.
>>You think I'll
ever see him again?
>>I certainly hope so.
>>We gonna play another game?
>>Oh. just a coffee.
>>Okay.
So tell me.
what do you wanna
be when you grow up?
>>Quiet.
>>Bodie.
>>Ben.
>>Well.
that's it then.
>>Hey. Ben.
You're all right.
>>Uh!
♪ I been staring at
these walls too long ♪
♪ My sweet baby blue
eye don't belong here ♪
♪ I been counting the miles
between the light in strands ♪
♪ And wishing down
on a twisted knee ♪
♪ Now let the blacken
cannot sleep in my bed ♪
♪ The same sheets where
she might be lying ♪
♪ Then bury to the murder
of the close in my mind ♪
♪ And wishing down
on a twisted knee ♪
♪ People ain't evil
and people ain't good ♪
♪ This life don't leave
room for the dreaming ♪
♪ I was born to believe in
the fire and the flood ♪
♪ But everything I
love has been meaning ♪
♪ I been trying to remember
your last kiss to me ♪
♪ It was wasted like
they always will be ♪
♪ If I cried out to you.
would you cry out to me ♪
♪ Am I wishing down
on a twisted knee ♪
♪ People ain't evil
and people ain't good ♪
♪ This life don't leave
room for the dreaming ♪
♪ I was born to believe in
the fire and the flood ♪
♪ But everything I
love has been meaning ♪
♪ On the wings of an
angel. let's ride ♪
♪ One man's misfortune
is my gain ♪
♪ I've been dying to believe
in a world full of lies ♪
♪ Wishing down on
a twisted knee ♪